---
layout: page
sidebar: left
title:  "A New Year and a New website!"
teaser: "First of all, I must apologize for being rather quiet for the past few
months. I have neglected to keep folks in the loop just from the sheer
chaos of the past 5 months. But now it’s looking as though things are
reaching a steady state and heading in a clearer direction than when I
abruptly stopped posting. Anyway, let me get you all up to speed."
breadcrumb: true
tags:
    - theatre
categories:
    - blog 
---

First of all, I must apologize for being rather quiet for the past few
months. I have neglected to keep folks in the loop just from the sheer
chaos of the past 5 months. But now it’s looking as though things are
reaching a steady state and heading in a clearer direction than when I
abruptly stopped posting. Anyway, let me get you all up to speed.

You may notice that things look a little different on here and indeed
they are. Inside and out this website has been rewritten and deployed
using Ruby on Rails. None of this would be possible without the help of
one very awesome software developer and brother, Chris Atkins. I
initially had a sketch for a new website laid out originally intending
to use it as a Wordpress skin. When Chris stepped in, he had much
greater ambitions and developed a fully-featured custom web application
leveraging Refinery CMS to suit my needs and to make my life far easier.
Over the past week I've been working hard coding the new layout and the
portfolio engine so I can display all my work and adding some finishing
touches to the site and now it's finally done. Work on the site has been
running right up to today when there was a bit of a panic when I
discovered the application host didn't store uploaded images so I had to
scramble to learn about Amazon S3 and reconfigure the site to support it
so that uploaded images wouldn't be lost when the server went to sleep.
In the process I've learnt a new programming language and I've learnt a
hell of a lot about software development. That said, I don't think I'll
make a career out of it anytime soon. Music is and will always be my
number one love.

2013 for me marked an interesting transitional phase in my life. While I
have identified myself as a composer and musician for quite a while, it
has been over the course of last year and this year so far that I feel I
have been truly taking a positive committed turn toward the life and
career of a composer. This has especially been the case over the past 9
months working with incredible people, gaining huge amounts of
perspective and really learning what it means to be a professional. But
the opportunities I've had have really pushed me forward. Among those
opportunities has been studying conducting privately under Gyula Cseszkó
who I met on the train on the way back from an absolutely electric
performance of Stravinsky's *The Rite of Spring* and Mahler's *Symphony
no. 1 in D major*conducted by the great maestro Zubin Mehta. I happened
upon Gyula on the train with enthusiastically looking over the score of
the Mahler and we got to talking. Cut to a few weeks later and I'm at
his house learning to conduct a Haydn symphony. It has been a big year
that has tested me in every possible way but I know that this is just a
beginning. I have now committed to my new direction in life. 

2014 is going to be a huge year for me. I'm no longer going to La Trobe
and as of two weeks ago, I have been accepted to study music composition
at Sir Zelman Cowen School of Music at Monash University, which I'm
incredibly excited about. While uni hasn't yet commenced for the year,
I've already been hitting the books, practicing and studying hard so I
can hit the ground running for the beginning of this year. I'm both
excited and terrified for the next few years. On top of all that, I have
a lot of really exciting projects coming up this year, so please stay
tuned as I have a lot of exciting news I'm itching to share with you!
